Add documentation for AWS Plugin WIF (#25398)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/aws.mdx

Please see the [API documentation](/vault/api-docs/secret/aws#create-static-role) for details on this feature.

### Plugin Workload Identity Federation (WIF)

> The AWS secrets engine supports the Plugin WIF workflow, and has a source of identity called

Reviewer: This is mostly great! Suggesting some slight rephrasing. Lmk your thoughts.

> The AWS secrets engine supports the Plugin WIF workflow, and has a source of identity called
a plugin identity token. The plugin identity token is a JWT that is internally signed by
Vault's plugin [identity token provider](/vault/api-docs/secret/identity/tokens#read-plugin-identity-well-known-configurations). Given a trust relationship is configured between Vault and AWS via 
[Web Identity Federation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers_oidc.html), the secrets engine can exchange its identity token for temporary STS credentials needed to perform its actions. This enables the secrets engine to operate without needing sensitive IAM security credentials as a part of its configuration.

Author: Rephrasing looks good to me! Updated, thanks!

> The AWS secrets engine supports the Plugin WIF workflow, and has a source of identity called

Author: 100% agree, having a doc specific to plugin WIF sounds like a great addition! I'll also be sure to make a task/note to update these docs with the new links whenever that document is ready. Thanks!

> The AWS secrets engine supports the Plugin WIF workflow, and has a source of identity called

Reviewer: Perfect, thanks!

    your AWS root account credentials. Instead generate a dedicated user or
    role.

1.  Alternatively, configure the audience claim value and the role ARN to assume for plugin workload identity federation:

    ```text
    $ vault write aws/config/root \
        identity_token_audience="<TOKEN AUDIENCE>" \
        role_arn="<AWS ROLE ARN>"
    ```

    Vault's identity token provider will internally sign the plugin identity token JWT.

>     This token will be exchanged to establish a trust relationship with AWS and to obtain

Reviewer: Suggest a rephrase here similar to what I suggested above. This reads like the token exchange is what establishes the trust relationship between Vault and AWS when it's actually a pre-configuration step (as noted right below this).

Author: Good catch! Updated to highlight that this is 'given a trust relationship...'

    ephemeral STS credentials.

>     ~> **Notice:** For this trust relationship to be established, AWS must have WIF
>     configured with information about the fully qualified and network-reachable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ~> **Notice:** For this trust relationship to be established, AWS must have an [IAM OIDC identity provider](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers_create_oidc.html)
    configured with information about the fully qualified and network-reachable
```

>     Issuer URL for Vault's OIDC Provider. This is to ensure that AWS can fetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Issuer URL for Vault's plugin [identity token provider](/vault/api-docs/secret/identity/tokens#read-plugin-identity-well-known-configurations). This is to ensure that AWS can fetch
```
